What would you like to eat?
I'll take you out to dinner.
I don't eat with liars
Who are you talking about?
I thought it was you
What are you looking at? Look at your feet.
Lame for a while, not lame for a while
Limp or not, it doesn't depend on the condition, it just depends on the mood.
I should have invited you to dinner and apologized to you
Apologize, forget about eating
How can you buy me dinner?
I have a rich friend who often gives me money to spend
Don't worry about that.
You are taken care of
Why are there so many mouths?
You won't let go
This time you apologize to me
What apology do you have? If you have it, you have it, if you don't ask it, you can't ask it, you can't hurt my pride.
Where did you get your pride from?
You're wrong again.
I'm not a kid
Not a kid yet
Look at the people in the street, who is as out of tune as you?
You're learning fast
Please, you rude master
It's hard not to want to be happy
Really not ashamed
Tang law
Xiaotong is really you
I thought I read it wrong. Why are you here?
I also want to ask you
I heard you quit your job.